because all boys and well I say they are
video there are vincenzo of splash gaming
or let's say the second part in
mounting in our computer
I saw how to assemble how to assemble
the parent company of the christ said fact
recommend in crisis this way
let's put the square
we accept this this different way
with the toffanin and we put the
squares but let's review arms what it is
success
first you have to pull down that
allows a more comfortable position more
accessible while in this position
in this at this point will be the dips
in the middle you have to remove them
what space there will be in this area
this cable here in particular that is
the one who kept the mysterious box
to the debt of boxing that will be from
keep because in the future when we will have
seemed to all the members this one
cut it into small pieces it will be useful for
connect hold the various cables for
group files and not to do so much
casino said this and proceed with
the first phase of this second video
or from the mysterious box they pull
out of the hooks and I'll show you to
what are they for?
here there are cable structures
ladders intended as hooks for screws and things
various
let's look for the ones we need
in this case we need to see some
these screws here or 21 pieces for the
mv sun motherboard motherboard of
admit them here and then we need these
here
or 9 lost if his mother but
we're going to see how to position them
first and foremost professor giuliano why
this pool here
putting in this verse then with the
thorns let's say in and if it sells here
maybe doing some pressure to
make sure that you know that you are well
inserted once well done that la
what I had to do if it was to
put the motherboard inside ours
cash to identify what the holes are
to use this case in particular is
arranged for the use of multiple types
of motherboards anyway I think everyone
that it is done in this way and puts on
the motherboard to locate
what holes circus the mass parts like
in this case they are to be used then
are to be lived as spacers ad
example let's take this as an example
here that there is a born extreme
ok and let's get the card out badly
just to see what hole we're at
speaking taken colors as an example
because it is the only one to choose therefore not
there are possibilities of choice
so we set ourselves this accessory
nice that is given in the supply and
go to screw this screw this
spacer in this way the fingers will
it is known and later understood
straight we go to live with this one
and live here and with these two accessories
then a screwdriver and the quarry
here we must take this point
the motherboard and place it on the
spacers bringing it closer to the
gazette hiding it by making it fit together
with spacers we do so see
here are the part in mind from
We must be careful to naught all
he removes all the exits without doing them
coat from the metal plate
at this point they should be
aligned in fact in addition to the exits e
at the gates should be
aligned the holes you have also here
exactly what is needed at this point
do you have to take these these screws
here you see the writing well
open them avoid the point where there is the
let's say let's make you one
demonstration
let's go for example this we put there the
screw then we take a screwdriver
we screw in perfect
now that all I saw are mounted
we put away the excess pieces as in
this case
we thank this one for her
utility and let's move on to the next part